[Improve] Added Table of Contents and FAQs to README (#5693)
apache/seatunnel: README.md

## Contact Us

- Mail list: **dev@seatunnel.apache.org**. Subscribe by sending an email to `dev-subscribe@seatunnel.apache.org`.

- Slack: [Join SeaTunnel Slack](https://s.apache.org/seatunnel-slack)

- Twitter: [ASFSeaTunnel on Twitter](https://twitter.com/ASFSeaTunnel)

## Landscapes

SeaTunnel enriches the [CNCF CLOUD NATIVE Landscape](https://landscape.cncf.io/?landscape=observability-and-analysis&license=apache-license-2-0).

## Apache SeaTunnel Web Project

SeaTunnel Web is a web project that provides visual management of jobs, scheduling, running and monitoring capabilities. It is developed based on the SeaTunnel Connector API and the SeaTunnel Zeta Engine. It is a web project that can be deployed independently. It is also a sub-project of SeaTunnel.
For more information, please refer to [SeaTunnel Web](https://github.com/apache/seatunnel-web)

## Our Users

Companies and organizations worldwide use SeaTunnel for research, production, and commercial products. Visit our [user page](https://seatunnel.apache.org/user) for more information.

## License

[Apache 2.0 License](LICENSE)

## Frequently Asked Questions

### 1. How do I install SeaTunnel?

> Follow the [installation guide](https://seatunnel.apache.org/docs/2.1.0/flink/installation/) on our website to get started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the [installation guide](https://seatunnel.apache.org/docs/2.3.3/start-v2/locally/deployment/) on our website to get started.
```

[![Join Slack](https://img.shields.io/badge/slack-%23seatunnel-4f8eba?logo=slack)](https://s.apache.org/seatunnel-slack)
[![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/ASFSeaTunnel.svg?label=Follow&logo=twitter)](https://twitter.com/ASFSeaTunnel)

> SeaTunnel, formerly known as Waterdrop, was rebranded on October 12, 2021.

Reviewer: Please remove this .

Author: Done
